---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vpsie_gateways Data Source - terraform-provider-vpsie"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of all gateways on the VPSie platform.
---

# vpsie_gateways (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of all gateways on the VPSie platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vpsie_gateways" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `gateways` (Attributes List) The list of gateways. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateways))
- `id` (String) The identifier for this data source.

<a id="nestedatt--gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateways`

Optional:

- `attached_vms` (Attributes List) The list of virtual machines attached to this gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateways--attached_vms))

Read-Only:

- `box_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the server (box) associated with this gateway.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the gateway.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the data center where the gateway is located.
- `datacenter_name` (String) The name of the data center where the gateway is located.
- `dc_identifier` (String) The identifier of the data center where the gateway is located.
- `id` (Number) The unique numeric identifier of the gateway.
- `ip` (String) The IP address assigned to the gateway.
- `ip_properties_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the IP properties record.
- `ip_version` (String) The IP version of the gateway address.
- `is_gateway_reserved` (Number) Whether the gateway reservation is active.
- `is_primary` (Number) Whether this is the primary IP for the associated server.
- `is_reserved` (Number) Whether the IP address is reserved.
- `is_user_account_gateway` (Number) Whether this gateway is the user account gateway.
- `notes` (String) Notes associated with the gateway.
- `state` (String) The current state of the gateway.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the gateway was last updated.
- `user_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who owns the gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--gateways--attached_vms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateways.attached_vms`

Read-Only:

- `gateway_mapping_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the gateway-to-VM mapping.
- `identifier` (String) The identifier of the attached virtual machine.
