---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vpsie_servers Data Source - terraform-provider-vpsie"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about all VPSie servers.
---

# vpsie_servers (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about all VPSie servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vpsie_servers" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this data source.
- `servers` (Attributes List) The list of servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))

<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Optional:

- `added_ip_addresses` (String) Additional IP addresses added to the server.
- `boxdiscount_id` (Number) The ID of the discount applied to the server.
- `custom_iso_id` (Number) The ID of a custom ISO image attached to the server.
- `custom_price` (Number) The custom price applied to the server.
- `dropped_on` (String) The timestamp when the server was dropped or deleted.
- `last_action_date` (String) The date of the last action performed on the server.
- `last_license_pay` (String) The date of the last license payment.
- `lib_iso_id` (Number) The ID of the library ISO image attached to the server.
- `notes` (String) Optional notes or comments for the server.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP address of the server.
- `script_id` (String) The identifier of a startup script on the server.
- `sshkey_id` (String) The identifier of an SSH key on the server.

Read-Only:

- `box_virtualization_id` (String) The virtualization type identifier for the server.
- `boxes_suspended` (Number) The number of suspended boxes for the owner.
- `boximage_id` (Number) The ID of the box image (OS template) for the server.
- `boxsize_id` (Number) The ID of the box size (resource plan) for the server.
- `category` (String) The category of the server.
- `cpu` (Number) The number of CPU cores allocated to the server.
- `created_on` (String) The timestamp when the server was created.
- `daily_snapshot` (Number) Whether daily snapshots are enabled for the server.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) The ID of the data center where the server is located.
- `dc_identifier` (String) The identifier of the data center where the server is deployed.
- `default_ip` (String) The default IPv4 address assigned to the server.
- `default_ipv6` (String) The default IPv6 address assigned to the server.
- `firstname` (String) The first name of the server owner.
- `fullname` (String) The full name of the server owner.
- `has_ssl` (Number) Whether SSL is enabled for the server.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname assigned to the server.
- `id` (Number) The numeric ID of the server.
- `identifier` (String) The unique identifier of the server.
- `in_pcs` (Number) The number of processes running on the server.
- `initial_password` (String, Sensitive) The initial root password for the server.
- `is_active` (Number) Whether the server is currently active.
- `is_autobackup` (Number) Whether automatic backup is enabled for the server.
- `is_bucket_available` (Number) Whether object storage bucket is available for the server.
- `is_created_from_legacy` (Number) Whether the server was migrated from the legacy platform.
- `is_custom` (Number) Whether the server uses a custom configuration.
- `is_deleted` (Number) Whether the server has been deleted.
- `is_fip_available` (Number) Whether floating IP is available for the server.
- `is_iso_image_bootable` (Number) Whether the attached ISO image is bootable.
- `is_locked` (Number) Whether the server is locked from modifications.
- `is_sata_available` (Number) Whether SATA storage is available for the server.
- `is_smtp_allowed` (Number) Whether SMTP traffic is allowed on the server.
- `is_ssd_available` (Number) Whether SSD storage is available for the server.
- `is_suspended` (Number) Whether the server is currently suspended.
- `is_terminated` (Number) Whether the server has been terminated.
- `is_work_with_new_version` (Number) Whether the server is compatible with the new platform version.
- `last_action_in_min` (Number) The time in minutes since the last action on the server.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp when the server was last updated.
- `lastname` (String) The last name of the server owner.
- `monthly_backup` (Number) Whether monthly backups are enabled for the server.
- `monthly_snap` (Number) Whether monthly snapshots are enabled for the server.
- `node_id` (Number) The ID of the physical node hosting the server.
- `nr_added_ips` (Number) The number of additional IP addresses added to the server.
- `old_id` (Number) The legacy ID of the server from the previous platform.
- `payable_license` (Number) The payable license cost for the server.
- `power` (Number) The power state of the server (0 = off, 1 = on).
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP address assigned to the server.
- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the project to which the server belongs.
- `ram` (Number) The amount of RAM in MB allocated to the server.
- `ssd` (Number) The SSD storage size in GB allocated to the server.
- `state` (String) The current state of the server.
- `traffic` (Number) The traffic bandwidth limit allocated to the server.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of the user who owns the server.
- `username` (String) The username of the server owner.
- `vm_description` (String) The description of the virtual machine.
- `weekly_backup` (Number) Whether weekly backups are enabled for the server.
- `weekly_snapshot` (Number) Whether weekly snapshots are enabled for the server.
