---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vpsie_storages Data Source - terraform-provider-vpsie"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about all VPSie storage volumes.
---

# vpsie_storages (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about all VPSie storage volumes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vpsie_storages" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this data source.
- `storages` (Attributes List) The list of storage volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages))

<a id="nestedatt--storages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storages`

Read-Only:

- `box_id` (Number) The ID of the server (box) the storage is attached to.
- `bus_device` (String) The bus device name of the storage volume.
- `bus_number` (Number) The bus number of the storage volume.
- `created_on` (String) The timestamp when the storage volume was created.
- `dc_identifier` (String) The identifier of the data center where the storage volume resides.
- `description` (String) A description of the storage volume.
- `disk_format` (String) The disk format of the storage volume.
- `disk_key` (String) The disk key identifier for the storage volume.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the server the storage is attached to.
- `id` (Number) The numeric ID of the storage volume.
- `identifier` (String) The unique identifier of the storage volume.
- `is_automatic` (Number) Whether the storage volume was created automatically.
- `name` (String) The name of the storage volume.
- `os_identifier` (String) The OS identifier of the server the storage is attached to.
- `size` (Number) The size of the storage volume in GB.
- `state` (String) The current state of the storage volume.
- `storage_id` (Number) The internal storage ID.
- `storage_type` (String) The type of storage (e.g., ssd, sata).
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of the user who owns the storage volume.
- `user_template_id` (Number) The ID of the user template associated with the storage volume.
- `vm_identifier` (String) The identifier of the VM the storage is attached to.
