---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vpsie_vpcs Data Source - terraform-provider-vpsie"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of all VPCs on the VPSie platform.
---

# vpsie_vpcs (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of all VPCs on the VPSie platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vpsie_vpcs" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The identifier for this data source.
- `vpcs` (Attributes List) The list of VPCs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpcs))

<a id="nestedatt--vpcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpcs`

Read-Only:

- `created_by` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who created the VPC.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time when the VPC was created.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the data center.
- `dc_identifier` (String) The identifier of the data center where the VPC is located.
- `dc_name` (String) The name of the data center where the VPC is located.
- `description` (String) The description of the VPC.
- `firstname` (String) The first name of the VPC owner.
- `hight_ip_num` (Number) The highest IP number in the VPC network range.
- `id` (Number) The unique numeric identifier of the VPC.
- `interface_number` (Number) The number of network interfaces in the VPC.
- `is_default` (Number) Whether this is the default VPC.
- `is_upc_network` (Number) Whether the VPC is a UPC network.
- `last_updated` (String) The date and time when the VPC was last updated.
- `lastname` (String) The last name of the VPC owner.
- `low_ip_num` (Number) The lowest IP number in the VPC network range.
- `name` (String) The name of the VPC.
- `network_range` (String) The IP range of the VPC network in CIDR notation.
- `network_size` (Number) The size of the VPC network (CIDR prefix length).
- `network_tag_number` (Number) The network tag number assigned to the VPC.
- `owner_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the account owner.
- `state` (String) The current state of the VPC.
- `updated_by` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who last updated the VPC.
- `user_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who owns the VPC.
- `username` (String) The username of the VPC owner.
