---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vpsie_vpc Resource - terraform-provider-vpsie"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) network on the VPSie platform.
---

# vpsie_vpc (Resource)

Manages a VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) network on the VPSie platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vpsie_vpc" "example" {
  name          = "my-vpc"
  dc_identifier = "dc-identifier"
  auto_generate = 1
  network_size  = "24"
  network_range = "10.0.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auto_generate` (Number) Whether to auto-generate the network configuration. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `dc_identifier` (String) The identifier of the data center where the VPC will be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `name` (String) The name of the VPC. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `network_range` (String) The IP range of the VPC network in CIDR notation. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `network_size` (Number) The size of the VPC network (CIDR prefix length). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `description` (String) An optional description for the VPC.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who created the VPC.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time when the VPC was created.
- `datacenter_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the data center.
- `dc_name` (String) The name of the data center where the VPC is located.
- `firstname` (String) The first name of the VPC owner.
- `hight_ip_num` (Number) The highest IP number in the VPC network range.
- `id` (Number) The unique numeric identifier of the VPC.
- `interface_number` (Number) The number of network interfaces in the VPC.
- `is_default` (Number) Whether this is the default VPC.
- `is_upc_network` (Number) Whether the VPC is a UPC network.
- `last_updated` (String) The date and time when the VPC was last updated.
- `lastname` (String) The last name of the VPC owner.
- `low_ip_num` (Number) The lowest IP number in the VPC network range.
- `network_tag_number` (Number) The network tag number assigned to the VPC.
- `owner_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the account owner.
- `state` (String) The current state of the VPC.
- `updated_by` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who last updated the VPC.
- `user_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who owns the VPC.
- `username` (String) The username of the VPC owner.
